executors: Flesh out auto scaling config docs (#28063)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/deploy_executors.md

## Configuring auto scaling

> Auto scaling of executor instances can help having high concurrency of jobs while only paying for it when it's required. With auto scaling, you can scale down to 0 instances when no workloads exist, and dynamically scale up as far as you like and your cloud provider can support. Auto scaling needs to be configured separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto scaling of executor instances can help to increase concurrency of jobs, without paying for unused resources. With auto scaling, you can scale down to 0 instances when no workload exist and scale up as far as you like and your cloud provider can support. Auto scaling needs to be configured separately.
```

> 

Reviewer: It would be great if there was a paragraph here that explains _how_ it works. When reading on I'm a bit lost as to which services reports what number to whom. Adding an explanation along the lines of "Auto scaling works by executor machines reporting their load to X. X then talks to Y to ..."

Author: Did some changes, does this help?

Reviewer: Yep! Wording is tricky, with all of overlapping terminology, but that paragraph helps.

> Using the variables [`min-replicas`](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors%24+variable+%22min_replicas%22&patternType=literal) and [`max-replicas`](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors%24+variable+%22max_replicas%22&patternType=literal), you can configure the minimum and maximum number of compute machines to be run at a given time. `min-replicas` must be `>= 0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Terraform variables [`min-replicas`](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors%24+variable+%22min_replicas%22&patternType=literal) and [`max-replicas`](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors%24+variable+%22max_replicas%22&patternType=literal) in the Terraform modules linked to above, you can configure the minimum and maximum number of compute machines to be run at a given time. `min-replicas` must be `>= 0`.
```

> For auto scaling to work, you need a credential to set on the `worker` service. Therefor, the `credentials` submodule exists in both our [AWS](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-aws-executors/-/tree/modules/credentials) and [GCP](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors/-/tree/modules/credentials) executor modules. Using them, you get properly configured credentials in the terraform outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For auto scaling to work, you need a credential to set on the `worker` service. Therefor, the `credentials` submodule exists in both our [AWS](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-aws-executors/-/tree/modules/credentials) and [GCP](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors/-/tree/modules/credentials) executor modules. Using them, you get properly configured credentials in the Terraform outputs.
```

Reviewer: Does the reader at this point know what "the `worker` service" is? Or should we simply say something like "For auto scaling to work, the Sourcegraph instance (its `worker` service, specifically) needs to be configured to use the same executor credentials as the executor machines"?

```terraform

> module "gcp-credentials" {

Author: ```suggestion
module "credentials" {
```

  source  = "sourcegraph/executors/<cloud>//modules/credentials"
  version = "<version>"

  region          = <region>
  resource_prefix = ""
}
```

> Will yield something like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When applied, this will yield something like
```

## Configuring auto scaling

Auto scaling of executor instances can help to increase concurrency of jobs, without paying for unused resources. With auto scaling, you can scale down to 0 instances when no workload exist and scale up as far as you like and your cloud provider can support. Auto scaling needs to be configured separately.

> Auto scaling uses the cloud providers managed auto scaling resources (AutoScalingGroups on AWS and Instance Groups on GCP). The Sourcegraph `worker` service will publish a scaling metric (that is, the number of jobs in queue) to the cloud providers. Then, based on that reported value, the auto scalers add and remove compute resources to match the required amount of compute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto scaling makes use of the auto-scaling capabilities of the respective cloud provider (AutoScalingGroups on AWS and Instance Groups on GCP). Sourcegraph's `worker` service publishes a scaling metric (that is, the number of jobs in queue) to the cloud providers. Then, based on that reported value, the auto scalers add and remove compute resources to match the required amount of compute.
```

> With the Terraform variables [`min-replicas`](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors%24+variable+%22min_replicas%22&patternType=literal) and [`max-replicas`](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors%24+variable+%22max_replicas%22&patternType=literal) in the Terraform modules linked to above, you can configure the minimum and maximum number of compute machines to be run at a given time. `min-replicas` must be `>= 0`.

Reviewer 2: This only shows GCP - should we search for `terraform-*-executors` instead?

> For auto scaling to work, the Sourcegraph instance (its `worker` service, specifically) needs to be configured to have credentials to publish a scaling metric to the cloud provider used. Therefor, the `credentials` submodule exists in both our [AWS](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-aws-executors/-/tree/modules/credentials) and [GCP](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors/-/tree/modules/credentials) executor modules. Using them, you get properly configured credentials in the Terraform outputs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For auto scaling to work, the Sourcegraph instance (its `worker` service, specifically) needs to be configured to have credentials to publish a scaling metric to the cloud provider used. Therefore, the `credentials` submodule exists in both our [AWS](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-aws-executors/-/tree/modules/credentials) and [GCP](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/terraform-google-executors/-/tree/modules/credentials) executor modules. Using them, you get properly configured credentials in the Terraform outputs.
```
